Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to be able to remove each item from our wish list.
To do this, first of all, what we can do is we can create the design for this.
So we have to go to the wish list screen.
And used to be.
And you can see over here we have the container, right?
So we turn the container.
We can just have a row and that's zero.
We first need to say child and the child is going to be a Rojas.
And it can take multiple widgets which are going to be displayed horizontally.
Right.
Okay.
And this is going to be icon icon button.
And it is a function.
Okay.
And this is going to be an icon widget and we can just use the font, awesome icon font, awesome icons.
Then we have an icon known as delete delete left.
I had a change of command, had the command and is control and that's the save.
And you should see it over over here.
And what we can also do is we can change the colour of the icons and maybe colors the sign.
Okay, great.
And now we have to create the functionality to do this.
We have to go to the provider directory and then the wish list provider.
Okay.
And over here we have to create a function and we just have to say void and we're going to call this
function remove which item?
And within the parenthesis, we have to pass the product class, product, class and product, which
is basically referring to the products we want to remove.
And all we just have to say is to call the underscore.
Least then doth.
We remove, remove and we want to remove the products.
Okay, great.
And lastly, we have to then cover the notify list in order to listen for the changes.
Okay.
Use control and save.
And now back to.
The.
The wish lists screen.
Okay.
We turned this function.
It is impossible to use the contest to watch.
And it is also impossible to use the provider of context without passing the list name.
And I'm going to show you this.
Use the context that watch.
Contests that watch.
And we have to specify the data we want to assess.
We want to assess the wish of this provider data.
And this is going to be the remove item.
And we want to remove the item by the index.
So this is going to be which provider I think we have available at that.
Which provider?
Then the word gets which items, it gets which items, and we want to assess it by the index.
OC country needs and SSA.
And.
Click on it.
You can see it is not removing.
And let's go check our terminal to see what's going on there.
Look, you can see we have this error and it's trying to say we cannot watch data from the function.
We can only read data.
So the solution for this is that we use the context that read or use the provider of context, and we
have to then pass the list main and say it's going to be equal to false and let's make it a readable
file or readable.
So instead of this, we can use the context.
Contest.
Dirt read.
We want to be able to use the wish provider and this is going to be that what that remove item and which
provider.
Writer and.
So he did get items and we won't basically assess each of them by their index.
Okay.
And this is going to work since we sent contest that read and that is what is basically expected.
And the reason for this is because we are within a function.
So we cannot use the contest watch within a function.
We cannot click on this some skill.
And also instead of this, we could also use the older type, which is very similar to this, and that
is the provider.
Provider that of context.
And we also have to specify the data we want to assess with the provider.
And this is going to be that remove which item.
And we are going to remove the item by the index, which provider that gets items then index.
And now we currently.
This is.
This is equivalent to the contest watch.
Right, because default, I think, is going to set it to true.
So what we can then do is we can either drink cover and we have to then at least tend to force.
So this is same as the contest, the treat.
Okay.
And now click on this.
Cisco.
So you can basically use any of your choice.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.